are you familiar these parts of the
frontier not with this part not yet
[Music]
there is an episode of hysteria about
the barbarians I have orders to obey
[Music]
I'm speaking of particular situations
situations where I am probing for the
truth since all is not well here I
expect further measures will be taken
draws out conducting operations to
correct the situation that you've
allowed to them what they do to you
you want me to take you back to your
family the barbarians whom you are
chasing this is their land they know
every inch of it you do not do you
really say that there will be a great
war against the Empire
pain is truth that is how you get it you
have no idea how tiresome your behavior
is
you are an obscene torturer we have set
procedures ready to go intrusiveness Lee
consorting with the enemy
get out I want these people out of here
[Music]
we will end these troubles
[Applause]
we will put down the enemy
and that will be the end of it
[Applause]
[Music]